README.md, before:

# Quantum-Computing-Opportunities
A list of hands-on opportunites (not jobs) in quantum computing

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?style=flat-square)](master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities/issues)
[![GitHub closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities/pulls)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities/graphs/contributors)

## Internships
| Name | Link | Organization | Date | Status |
| :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| QURIP | [Info Page](https://www.ibm.com/quantum-computing/internship/qurip/) | IBM | Summer | ![closed status][closed] |

## Research Opportunities
| Name | Link | Organization | Date | Status |
| :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| URA | [Info Page](https://uwaterloo.ca/institute-for-quantum-computing/ura) | University of Waterloo IQC | Summer | ![closed status][closed] |


## Programs
| Name | Link | Organization | Date | Status |
| :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| QCSYS | [Info Page](https://uwaterloo.ca/institute-for-quantum-computing/programs/qcsys) | University of Waterloo IQC | August | ![closed status][closed] |
| USEQIP | [Info Page](https://uwaterloo.ca/institute-for-quantum-computing/programs/useqip) | University of Waterloo IQC | May-June | ![closed status][closed] |

## Contributing

![Contributing Guidelines](https://img.shields.io/badge/contribute-read%20the%20guidelines!-informational?style=flat-square)

[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?label=Fork&style=social)](https://github.com/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities/network/members)

### New opportunites
- Please make sure the opportunity you want to add hasn't been added already
- Add it to the appropriate table (please keep the ordering alphabetical by name)
  - For help with Markdown tables, check [this](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#tables) out.
  - Make sure you use the appropriate markdown code for the status badge:
    - `![open status][open]`
    - `![closed status][closed]`
- Open a PR with a name formatted as "Add new opp: \<Opportunity\>" (example: "Add new opp: QURIP")
- Feel free to add extra info in the description or not, up to you
- The PR will be approved or not ASAP :)

### New table sections
- Please make sure the section you want to add hasn't been added already
- Add it to the table in an order that makes sense to you
  - For help with Markdown tables, check [this](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#tables) out.
- Fill the section out for at least one existing opportunity (to show what the format would look like)
- Open a PR with a name formatted as "Add new sec: \<Section\>" (example: "Add new section: Organization")
- Feel free to add extra info in the description or not, up to you
- The PR will be approved or not ASAP :)

[open]: https://img.shields.io/badge/status-open-brightgreen?style=flat-square
[closed]: https://img.shields.io/badge/status-closed-red?style=flat-square

Commit message:

Adding guidelines for updating opportunites

README.md, after:

# Quantum-Computing-Opportunities
A list of hands-on opportunites (not jobs) in quantum computing

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?style=flat-square)](master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities/issues)
[![GitHub closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities/pulls)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities/graphs/contributors)

## Internships
| Name | Link | Organization | Date | Status |
| :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| QURIP | [Info Page](https://www.ibm.com/quantum-computing/internship/qurip/) | IBM | Summer | ![closed status][closed] |

## Research Opportunities
| Name | Link | Organization | Date | Status |
| :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| URA | [Info Page](https://uwaterloo.ca/institute-for-quantum-computing/ura) | University of Waterloo IQC | Summer | ![closed status][closed] |


## Programs
| Name | Link | Organization | Date | Status |
| :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| QCSYS | [Info Page](https://uwaterloo.ca/institute-for-quantum-computing/programs/qcsys) | University of Waterloo IQC | August | ![closed status][closed] |
| USEQIP | [Info Page](https://uwaterloo.ca/institute-for-quantum-computing/programs/useqip) | University of Waterloo IQC | May-June | ![closed status][closed] |

## Contributing

![Contributing Guidelines](https://img.shields.io/badge/contribute-read%20the%20guidelines!-informational?style=flat-square)

[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities?label=Fork&style=social)](https://github.com/1ethanhansen/Quantum-Computing-Opportunities/network/members)

### New opportunites
- Please make sure the opportunity you want to add hasn't been added already
- Add it to the appropriate table (please keep the ordering alphabetical by name)
  - For help with Markdown tables, check [this](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#tables) out
  - Make sure you use the appropriate markdown code for the status badge:
    - `![open status][open]`
    - `![closed status][closed]`
- Open a PR with a name formatted as "Add new opp: \<Opportunity\>" (example: "Add new opp: QURIP")
- Feel free to add extra info in the description or not, up to you
- The PR will be approved or not ASAP :)

### Updating opportunites
- Found some information that's out of date? A program that is open for applications saying closed or dates being announced? Read on!
- Update the table with the new information (make sure you update all the relevant sections)
  - For help with Markdown tables, check [this](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#tables) out
- Open a PR with a name formatted as "Update opp: \<Opportunity\>" (example: "Update opp: USEQIP")
- In the description please include a link to your source
- The PR will be approved or not ASAP :)

### New table sections
- Please make sure the section you want to add hasn't been added already
- Add it to the table in an order that makes sense to you
  - For help with Markdown tables, check [this](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#tables) out
- Fill the section out for at least one existing opportunity (to show what the format would look like)
- Open a PR with a name formatted as "Add new sec: \<Section\>" (example: "Add new section: Organization")
- Feel free to add extra info in the description or not, up to you
- The PR will be approved or not ASAP :)

[open]: https://img.shields.io/badge/status-open-brightgreen?style=flat-square
[closed]: https://img.shields.io/badge/status-closed-red?style=flat-square
